Enable and disable the examplers storage with flag (#6216)
thanos-io/thanos: CHANGELOG.md

- [#6183](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6183) Receiver: fix off by one in multitsdb flush that will result in empty blocks if the head only contains one sample
- [#6197](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6197) Exemplar OTel: Fix exemplar for otel to use traceId instead of spanId and sample only if trace is sampled
- [#6207](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6207) Receive: Remove the shipper once a tenant has been pruned.

> - [#6216](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6216) Receiver: Fix Removed hardcoded value of EnableExemplarStorage flag ans set it according to max-exemplar value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#6216](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6216) Receiver: removed hardcoded value of EnableExemplarStorage flag and set it according to max-exemplar value
```

Author: Done @GiedriusS
